New module: s3-enc (#326)
fpco/terraform-aws-foundation: modules/encrypted-s3-bucket/README.md

# s3-enc

> This module provided a server encryption enabled S3 bucket, and necessary policies attached to provided roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides a S3 bucket with encryption enabled, and a KMS key to use with that encrypted bucket.
```
